Add a new tutorial for compile time caching (#3277)
pytorch/tutorials: recipes_source/torch_compile_caching_tutorial.rst

Compile Time Caching in ``torch.compile``
=========================================================
**Author:** `Oguz Ulgen <https://github.com/oulgen>`_

Introduction
------------------

> PyTorch Compiler provides several caching offerings to reduce compilation latency.

Reviewer: For the spellcheck errors, please add the following words to en-wordlist.txt:

Autotuning
Inductor's
PGO
cubin
onwards
prepopulate
recompilations
subdirectory
TorchServe

For things like: AOTAutograd, AOTAutogradCache, AutogradCache - please put them into double backticks.

The rest of the errors can be ignored. Spellcheck is in testing mode.

  * `torch.compiler API documentation <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/torch.compiler.html#torch-compiler>`__
  * `Introduction to torch.compile <https://pytorch.org/tutorials/intermediate/torch_compile_tutorial.html>`__
  * `Triton language documentation <https://triton-lang.org/main/index.html>`__

* PyTorch 2.4 or later

Caching Offerings
---------------------

``torch.compile`` provides the following caching offerings:

* End to end caching (also known as ``Mega-Cache``)
* Modular caching of ``TorchDynamo``, ``TorchInductor``, and ``Triton``

It is important to note that caching validates that the cache artifacts are used with the same PyTorch and Triton version, as well as, same GPU when device is set to be cuda.

> ``torch.compile`` end-to-end caching (a.k.a. ``Mega-Cache``)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``torch.compile`` end-to-end caching
```

------------------------------------------------------------

End to end caching, from here onwards referred to Mega-Cache, is the ideal solution for users looking for a portable caching solution that can be stored in a database and can later be fetched possibly on a separate machine.

> ``Mega-Cache`` provides two compiler APIs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``Mega-Cache`` provides two compiler APIs:
```

* ``torch.compiler.save_cache_artifacts()``
* ``torch.compiler.load_cache_artifacts()``

> The intented use case is after compiling and executing a model, the user calls ``torch.compiler.save_cache_artifacts()`` which will return the compiler artifacts in a portable form. Later, potentially on a different machine, the user may call ``torch.compiler.load_cache_artifacts()`` with these artifacts to prepopulate the ``torch.compile`` caches in order to jump-start their cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The intended use case is after compiling and executing a model, the user calls ``torch.compiler.save_cache_artifacts()`` which will return the compiler artifacts in a portable form. Later, potentially on a different machine, the user may call ``torch.compiler.load_cache_artifacts()`` with these artifacts to prepopulate the ``torch.compile`` caches in order to jump-start their cache.
```

> An example to this is as follows. First, compile and save the cache artifacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider the following example. First, compile and save the cache artifacts:
```

.. code-block:: python

    @torch.compile
    def fn(x, y):
        return x.sin() @ y

    a = torch.rand(100, 100, dtype=dtype, device=device)
    b = torch.rand(100, 100, dtype=dtype, device=device)

    result = fn(a, b)

    artifacts = torch.compiler.save_cache_artifacts()

    # Now, potentially store these artifacts in a database

> Later, the user can jump-start their cache by the following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Later, you can jump-start the cache by the following:
```

.. code-block:: python 

    # Potentially download/fetch the artifacts from the database
    assert artifacts is not None
    artifact_bytes, cache_info = artifacts

    torch.compiler.load_cache_artifacts(artifact_bytes)

This operation populates all the modular caches that will be discussed in the next section, including ``PGO``, ``AOTAutograd``, ``Inductor``, ``Triton``, and ``Autotuning``.

Modular caching of ``TorchDynamo``, ``TorchInductor``, and ``Triton``
-----------------------------------------------------------

> The above described MegaCache is also compromised of individual components that can be used without any user intervention. By default, PyTorch Compiler comes with local on-disk caches for ``TorchDynamo``, ``TorchInductor``, and ``Triton``. These caches are as following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The aforementioned ``MegaCache``is composed of individual components that can be used without any user intervention. By default, PyTorch Compiler comes with local on-disk caches for ``TorchDynamo``, ``TorchInductor``, and ``Triton``. These caches include:
```

> * ``FXGraphCache``: cache of graph-based IR components used in compilation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``FXGraphCache``: A cache of graph-based IR components used in compilation.
```

> * ``Triton Cache``: cache of Triton-compilation results (``cubin`` files generated by ``Triton`` as well as other caching artifacts)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``Triton Cache``: A cache of Triton-compilation results, including ``cubin`` files generated by Triton and other caching artifacts.
```

> * ``InductorCache``: bundling of ``FXGraphCache`` and ``Triton`` cache

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``InductorCache``: A bundle of ``FXGraphCache`` and ``Triton`` cache.
```

> * ``AOTAutogradCache``: caching of joint graph artifacts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``AOTAutogradCache``: A cache of joint graph artifacts.
```

> * ``PGO-cache``: cache of dynamic shape decisions to reduce number of recompilations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``PGO-cache``: A cache of dynamic shape decisions to reduce number of recompilations.
```

All these cache artifacts are written to ``TORCHINDUCTOR_CACHE_DIR`` which by default will look like ``/tmp/torchinductor_myusername``.

Remote Caching
----------------

> We also provide a remote caching option for users who would like to take advantage of a ``Redis`` based cache. Check out `Compile Time Caching Configurations <https://pytorch.org/tutorials/recipes/torch_compile_caching_configuration_tutorial.html>` to learn more about how to enable the ``Redis`` based caching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also provide a remote caching option for users who would like to take advantage of a Redis-based cache. Check out `Compile Time Caching Configurations <https://pytorch.org/tutorials/recipes/torch_compile_caching_configuration_tutorial.html>`__ to learn more about how to enable the Redis-based caching.
```
